price: 899€


 You ride regularly and want to benefit from assisted pedalling. The Tilt 500 E folds 3 times so that you can go further.

Are you looking for an electric bike that's easy to take with you? The TILT 500 E fits in your car boot and is perfect for weekday commutes and weekend rides of up to 35 km. 



PRODUCT BENEFITS

Easy transport

Ride, fold, carry, store: 15s is all you need. You can't ride it when folded.
Versatility

Enjoy limitless adventures with electric assistance and 6 speeds!
Compact design

Folded L/H/W: 83 x 67 x 45 cm.Unfolded L/H/W: 155 x 114 x 60 cm
Cycling comfort

Ergonomic grips and saddle, height-adjustable stem
Lifetime warranty

B'Twin offers a lifetime warranty on the frame (excl. hinge), stem and handlebar
TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Motor / battery
Battery range: 35 km in economy mode/25 km in normal mode/20 km in sport mode (indicative information that may vary depending on the tyre pressure, the terrain, the conditions, and the weight of the rider).
Battery: lifespan of 350 to 500 charge cycles. Warranty: 2 years.250W brushless motor, 24V battery built into frame, 7.8 Ah electric assistance controlled by pedalling sensors.
Motor torque: 26
Battery and charger supplied with the bike
Frame
Aluminium frame with built-in battery. The battery can be charged directly through the frame, or can be removed from its housing to be recharged at home or at work.
Frame compatible with the B'Twin TILT 20-inch pannier rack.
Fork
Steel fork.
Drivetrain
6 speeds with Shimano grip shifter. Shimano Tourney 6-speed rear derailleur. 52-teeth chainring.
Brakes
Aluminium V-Brake callipers for powerful, progressive braking.
Aluminium levers with rubber pads for added comfort. Braking cuts out electric assistance.
Remember: The brake pads on electrically-assisted bikes wear down more quickly than a classic bike due to the weight and power of the motor.
Handlebar / stem / steering
Fold-down, height-adjustable aluminium stem for added comfort.
Quick release with automatic safety lever
Semi-raised aluminium handlebar.
Saddle / Seat post
Anti-theft, anti-rotation aluminium seat post 34mm in diameter.
Tyres / wheels
Tyres with anti-puncture reinforcement.
Size 20 x 1.75.
We've developed these tyres using Skinwall technology for lower weight and higher performance.
Double-walled rims for greater rigidity.
Motor built into the rear wheel for improved steering control.
Accessories/Equipment
Battery-powered front and rear lights with handlebar control.This bike is compatible with the TILT transport cover and the B'TWIN pannier rack for foldable bikes.
The Tilt 500 E is not compatible with a child seat or a trailer.
Care tips
Tyres lose pressure over time. On average, they lose 1 bar/week.
So remember to regularly pump up your tyres. Riding with under-inflated tyres reduces your battery range, requires more pedalling effort, and increases the risk of punctures.
Before performing any work on your electric bike (cleaning, electrical or mechanical maintenance), you must turn off your electric bike and remove the battery.
If you are not using your bike over the winter, charge it at least every 12 months.
User size and weight
The geometry of this bike offers optimal comfort for cyclists measuring between 1.45m and 1.85m.
This bike meets the requirements of the ISO 4210 standard for a cyclist weighing 100kg.
Warranty
Lifetime warranty on the frame, stem (excl. hinge), rigid fork and handlebar.
Weight
18.6 kg


PRODUCT CONCEPT AND TECHNOLOGY
Product Composition
Frame 100% Aluminium
STORAGE ADVICE
Recharge the battery after each use. If it is flat, charge it as soon as possible. Irreparable damage may occur if the battery remains flat for too long.
User Directions
Not suitable for tricks.Meets standard for a 100kg cyclist
Notice
To have more informations about this product, consult the notice
