Price: 1500€



 Our passionate team developed this electric bike (EAB) to make your urban rides and adventures more enjoyable: Get a helping hand while pedalling!

Energise your urban commutes: when the wind is to your face, you're late for work, or when you're carrying a heavy load, the power sensor motor adapts to your effort. 





PRODUCT BENEFITS
Cycling comfort

Get improved comfort: ergonomic position, wide tyres, and suspension fork.
Ease of use

Enhance your rides: central motor, 70 Nm torque, 7 speeds, and pannier rack!
Bike safety

Ride safely: LED lights, front disc brakes, and rear V-brake.
Lifetime warranty

Keep it for a long time: Lifetime warranty on the frame, stem and handlebar.


TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Battery and motor: technical information
"250-watt central Brose motor (Drive T Alu) (complies with the European standard)
Motor torque: 70 Nm. 36 volt/11.6 Ah (418 Wh) battery, 2.6 kg, 2-year warranty (from 350 to 500 charge cycles to 100%) equipped with Samsung elements.
Everything is controlled by an LCD dashboard with 3 modes + a "walking" mode for pushing the bike while walking next to it.
Its battery life is between 50 and 70 km: it varies depending on your weight, use, hills, outside temperature, assistance mode, etc."
How does an electric bike work?
"With its motor at the pedals and power sensor, the ELOPS 920 E adapts to you: the more energy you exert pedalling, the more the motor will help you. You therefore get the same feel as a classic bike.
And the battery? it is fitted with a charge indicator light and a lock with a key: remove and charge the battery at home or at the office and take it with you when you leave your bike outside!"
Why opt for a high frame?
"For improved propulsion when you ride: with its aluminium frame, lighter weight but stiffer than steel, the power transfer from the motor is more efficient for better performance.
And since a high step through is even easier when your bike is the right height, here is our sizing guide:
Size M is suitable for cyclists measuring 1.55m to 1.75m, size L is for cyclists measuring 1.75m to 1.95m."
Fork
The electric city bike offers comfort and a getaway just outside your door! Even on cobblestone? Of course: with its non-adjustable, telescopic, suspension fork, your bike absorbs and filters vibrations on your route and softens shocks caused by the road's surface. Practical on cobblestones, pavement, and tramway rails...
A drivetrain with a hub, ever heard of it?
Your bike is equipped with a Shimano Nexus 7-speed derailleur controlled by a grip shifter. The drivetrain with a hub lets you change speeds without stopping. However, do not wait until you are riding downhill to change speeds.
And why are there different speeds on an EAB? Céline, our designer, explains: ""Because it is still a bike, not a moped! So depending on your route, you may want to change speeds: electric bikes are more efficient and the battery loses charge slower
Brakes
"We equipped your bike with Tektro aluminium brake levers for efficient, safe braking: they are lightweight and precise.
Your bike also has mechanical disc callipers on the front wheel so that your brakes are powerful and progressive, even in the rain.
An aluminium seat post and a comfortable seat:
"The aluminium seat post absorbs vibrations and the screw-in seat clamp collar limits the risk of theft. And the seat? This is our favourite part: after numerous tests, we chose this wide saddle whose foam padding has variable hardness to adapt to the pressure of your body in the saddle.
Why this one? Because it is by far the most comfortable!"
Tyres / wheels
"We chose wide 28-inch tyres so that you can ride comfortably in town: a smooth rolling bike that can easily drive over small obstacles along the way. Not even cobblestones, sewer drains, potholes, or tramway rails can make you lose your balance! They are also equipped with reflective strips.
And the rim? They are double-walled for improved durability and have 36 spokes."
Accessories and fittings to make your journey easier:
"We added a couple of details to make your urban rides easier:
The pannier rack (max. load of 27kg), which can hold a baby carrier, is compatible with attachment systems for self-locking panniers and the bike is already equipped with a bell.
The aluminium stand on the rear wheel is designed to support the weight of an EAB.
The bike also has mudguards and a chain guard so that you can arrive at work spotless.And of course, the bike comes with a charger."
Lighting
"No need to pedal to light it up: power is supplied by a battery.
Your bike has a 20 lux LED light built into the frame, so that you can see 45 m ahead and be seen from 150 m behind.
The light is controlled on the handlebars, with the interface's screen. You're sure to be seen as it turns on as soon as you start the motor!"
How to care for your electric bike
"It's normal for tyres to lose pressure over time: bike inner tubes are slightly porous. Don't forget to check your tyre pressure regularly.
Riding with under-inflated tyres reduces your battery range, requires more pedalling effort, and increases the risk of punctures. Before performing any work on your electric bike (cleaning, electrical or mechanical maintenance), you must turn off your electric bike and remove the battery.
User weight
This electric bike (EAB) has been approved according to standard EN 15194 for a maximum weight of 125 kg (user and equipment such as: bags, baby seat, pannier, groceries,...)
Warranty
Lifetime warranty on the frame and handlebar. Two years for the electric elements and spare parts
Weight
25.2 kg


PRODUCT CONCEPT AND TECHNOLOGY
Product Composition
Frame 100% Aluminium 6061
Notice
To have more informations about this product, consult the notice
