Price: 999€


 Our team of passionate designers developed this electric bike to give your rides on roads and trails that extra bit of oomph!

Easily break up your rides! Use the electrical assistance to extend your efforts and feel the difference with a range of up to 90km. 


PRODUCT BENEFITS
Autonomy
Autonomy

Mode 1: up to 90 km, mode 2: up to 70 km, mode 3: up to 50 km.
Cycling comfort
Cycling comfort

Front/rear suspension, ergonomic grips and gel saddle.
Ease of use
Ease of use

Change gear with a single motion using the 7-speed trigger.
Easy reading
Easy reading

Wide, contrasted, accessible from the handlebars. Keep an eye on your screen.
Adjustable
Adjustable

Height- and tilt-adjustable saddle and handlebars: optimised comfort.
TECHNICAL INFORMATION
How to choose your size
2 sizes available:
Size S/M from 1.45m to 1.74m.
Size L/XL from 1.75m to 1.95m.
If you're between 2 sizes:
Choose the smaller size for greater manoeuvrability and comfort (straighter back).
Choose the larger size for a more stretched out position (more suited to speed).
0, 1, 2 or 3: choosing your assistance mode
Walking mode - Assistance when walking.
Mode 0 – Assistance disabled.
Mode 1 - Assistance up to 17 km/h - battery life of up to 90 km under normal conditions.
Mode 2 - Assistance up to 22 km/h - battery life of up to 70 km under normal conditions.
Mode 3 - Assistance up to 25 km/h - battery life of up to 50 km under normal conditions. (please note: your battery life will be severely reduced in the event of prolonged use).
Motor: use those watts!
Brushless 250-watt motor in the rear wheel hub.
30Nm torque.
Battery
lithium-ion 36v 11.6 Ah (418Wh).
Supplied with two lock keys.
Charge time: 6.5 hours
Its weight: 2.64 kg.
We recommend recharging the battery after each use.
To put it to sleep: press the stop/start button on the battery for 10 seconds until the LEDs switch off.
Your battery is guaranteed for 2 years or 500 cycles (1 cycle = 1 full charge + 1 full discharge or two 50% charges + two 50% discharges).
Backlit control screen
LCD screen, backlit for better visibility both day and night.
Displays: Speed, distance covered and overall, the remaining power and the mode.
To access this data, press the Walk/Stop button.
USB port for charging your smartphone.
A full suspension frame designed for an easy ride
Our engineers designed this hybrid aluminium frame with lower geometry to make it easier to get on the bike. This frame provides greater comfort than ever.
The Original 900 E is equipped with a SUNTOUR spring front suspension fork (1" 1/8 pivot in steel) with 63mm travel and rear spring suspension. To adjust the rear suspension, turn the locking ring located directly behind it (this can be done without tools).
Derailleurs and drivetrain: enjoy the speed!
7 speeds which use a quick and easy to use trigger to change between them.
In detail:
- Shimano TZ 500 7-speed freewheel.
- Single chainwheel: 38 teeth- Cogs: 14 / 28.- Anti-corrosion chain.
- Rear derailleur: SRAM X3.- SRAM Trigger x - 3 shifter.
- Anti-derailment ring.
Hybrid tyres: put rubber to the road
The Original 920 E is equipped with B'Twin Trekking hybrid road and trail tyres so you can go anywhere.
The recommended pressure is a minimum of 3.0 bar and a maximum of 4.0 bar (details on tyre sidewall).
Dimensions:
- Size S/M: 26" x 1.75.
- Size L/XL: 28" x 1.75.
Bonus: Self-healing inner tube.
Double-walled wheels
Set off on an adventure with the Original 920 E equipped with double-walled aluminium wheels.
To transport your bike, the quick-release on the front wheel makes it easy to remove.
36-spoke front and rear wheels.
Wheel diameter:
- Size S/M: 26 inches.
- Size L/XL: 28 inches.
Brake safely
Two V-Brake pads for effective braking.
The two steel callipers are equipped with pads that exercise pressure on the rim to slow or stop the rotation of the wheels.
Aluminium brake levers.
Handlebars, steering, stem: maintain control
Semi-raised steel handlebars (620mm).
1" aluminium stem 90mm long, adjustable and tiltable.
B'Twin ergonomic grips.
Saddle be comfortable
Because it's important that your seat position is adapted to your riding style, our teams developed the exclusive B'Twin Ergofit gel saddle.
Graduated aluminium seat post for easier adjustment.
Collar dimensions = 32mm.
Seat post diameter = 27.2mm.
Tool-free saddle height adjustment (quick-release).
Crankset / Pedals
The Original 920 E is supplied with hybrid one-piece plastic pedals.
170mm long aluminium cranks.
38-tooth aluminium chainwheel.
Plastic chainguard.
Accessories
Your Original 920 E is supplied with a bell, lights (front/rear), wheel reflectors and pedals.
Depending on the accessory type and size of the bike, the frame is compatible with:
- saddle bag
- rear pannier
- front pannier
This bike isn't compatible with any kind of child seat, whatever the mounting system used
For further information, don't hesitate to ask one of our sales assistants.
Difference with the Original 900E
The 920E has a new set of electrics.
The 900 and 920 share the same motor and battery. But despite that, the 920 has a longer battery life.
How is this possible? 
The 900 model tended to give you a lot of energy with each turn of the pedal. This caused jerkiness and "wasted" energy.
The 920 model provides energy more smoothly, so it's more comfortable to ride and doesn't waste so much of the motor's energy.
Warranty
Lifetime guarantee: stem and handlebars, Battery and parts: 2 years.
Weight
M : 25.5 kg
L : 26 kg
Less
PRODUCT CONCEPT AND TECHNOLOGY
Product Composition
Frame 100% Aluminium
STORAGE ADVICE
Store in a dry place.When storing for a prolonged period, put the battery in sleep mode. Do not store the battery discharged (1 green LED flashing).
TESTS
Before reaching stores, our bikes are tested by many hybrid bike enthusiasts. They ride several thousands of kilometres to be properly approved. These tests enable us to guarantee comfort, ease of use and versatility to meet your expectations.
User Directions
Not suitable for mountain bikes and BMX.
Legal Mentions
The total weight (bike+cyclist) should not exceed 120kg. Not suitable for children under age 14 years.
Notice
To have more informations about this product, consult the notice
